I'm just trying to play as hard as I can
I know my school wasn't a big name i
know i'm not a big name so I kind of you
know how to come in working harder than
other guys but you know someone don't
have a problem with someone to continue
doing how many work at the hip I'm on 11
it's my 11th you'd even more after this
Detroit and that's my last one 22nd
keeping up oh yeah definitely I knew he
was here yesterday so I kind of asked
him about the workout and you know I
know he got invited to the green room so
I cinema congratulations which of the
workouts different tvteam it kind of the
same Cleveland that make you run
suicides at the end you know so that's
probably the toughest one I've had but
they're all about saying how do you feel
like you fit in with the Kings I feel
like I'll be good fit you know I'm
considered you know energy guy kind of
defensive guy and you know I kind of
want to be that on any team and I know a
lot of teams need that so I just try to
show that in every workout for fans that
may not be familiar with your game how
would you characterize it just
defensive-minded really you know I need
I need to work on my offense a little
bit more but I pride myself on defense
so I'll price a defensive three teams
looking to choose just a four or three
swinger are you
kind of both some teams see me more as
before because I still need work on my
skills at the three but you know Mesa
cailli is just defense they want me for
defense so that's why I concentrate on
how you feel like you've performed in it
so I got a good full court three on
three I got kind of winded towards the
end but um I try not to you know just
coast up the court so i tried to keep
going but i was about it i feel like i
did well today I haven't really talked
to him yet but coach Westfall told me I
did a good job and he coached at
Pepperdine I went to Pepperdine my
freshman year so it to have him tell him
I do good job is enough for me